
That way, I hate them. For that reason, was it Seth McFarland that's fucking me? When he did a million ways to dies in the West, the million ways to die is in the west. That's wrong. No, but when he did a million ways to die on the way, he literally did a bunch of tropes from the old one that was so accurate that, like, he ended up like being really, like, because pictures were dangerous.

They did blow up people, died non-Stop, like. And we're talking home. That was like that was the 1800s. Why were the dangers because they didn't have good medicine? They didn't have good freaking communication. They, it was so, like, how we are right now. At the very beginning of A.I and all this shit that, we're learning.

The 1800s was at the very beginning beginning of. Industrialization. So, what we know of is today is, like, the industrialization of the world. So, like? Pretty much then right after the World War II or, um, the Civil War. We literally skyrocketed. Because we ended up. Power and electricity like, and the trains and Rockefeller found oil.

And like blood was a game Ascension acquired right there, the 1800 like it was like the 1870s, 1880s, right? Pretty much from one Lincoln got killed on. Was, yeah, he got murdered. You see, I don't really pay attention to that shit. Yeah, I got it, but he got, yeah.

He died in a theater by John's booth is JFK is a house. Stupid, those people are why was he driving in an open year because there was brand new. Listen, it was the 60s. This was the first time that it ever happened. The reason they changed the rules, because no, no.

They trusted the American people that never do such a thing because it had never happened. Nothing like that I'd have ever happened before, but the only talk bad, though. The only time that anybody had ever killed a president before that was Lincoln. Somebody that was at that. That was a he was at a friggin, um, a theater he was at Ford's Theater.

He was washing a play. John Wilkes Booth shot him in the back of the head. He was John Wilkes Booth was in the back of his head. Listen and his brother was on stage doing a show, and he didn't, uh, exactly. No. After that, they started to make a secret service.

They started having somebody follow them around, but they were brand new. Like the 1800, it was like the 1880s, it was brand new, so they started from zero, and then they had to learn how to protect the president, and each time that something happened, they've gotten so much better at it to good luck getting near him.

Now, you ain't fucking getting anywhere near the president without fucking some credentials and some shit every building for hundreds of miles is fucking checked. They should have got that. They should have got the memo immediately. Okay, cars were new. People were giving. They didn't think snipers were no published.

No, they were new. They might shoot. They did not realize that. No, they had no clue that guns could go as far as they did. Oh, they didn't know about. You know everything was, so brand new. We're talking the first time, he said, everything is new. Then, literally, the cars were brand.

It was the 1960s homie. The atomic age brand new cars were brand new. Surely that would be it. Yeah, like, that's very, the atomic era, right after World War II, World War II till then called it the atomic age. You call it, something people. Atomic energy isn't bad. I mean, we run on atomic energy.

The sun is atomic energy. Yes, but I like, I said. That's why I have the fucking axiom of, you know, whatever first? That's how we know so. This is exactly what happened. They learned that they could split the atom. I know when they found out that splitting the atom, yes, when they found out that splitting the atom could be used as a bomb.

That's when they were scared. It does not make just because splitting me out on fins doesn't matter. It's what you do technically. Those dudes in Germany discovered it, the second they discovered what it was going to do. That energy was going to have to get release. It's a cruel thing to call the atomic era instead of the air convention.

But the atom is what is fueled the era? I think that's my problem. I just when I hear a topic, I think it explosion, so, but you're right, it is explicit. It's both. It is both things. It is a life Giver and a life taker. It is both at the same time.

All invention is like that? All invention that man has made has been like that every and we did not. We're not even invention now. We because we have an invented all right. It started with Alfred Nobel. Dynamite. Nitroglycerin. He learned how to fucking, you know, use it so that they can mine with it.

It killed. He used it for mining. That's what it was originally made, and then the second day realized they could kill people with it. They started making every bomb, and that's where we got the nuke from pretty much from there to there. There's a direct line whoever was thinking we could use out.

The kill was a coward because they just wanted an easy way to kill him in, and not just. Because surely they just thought? No, I think that they're smarter because you know you're coming at me. You want to fight me like a man, and I got a gun. I can shoot you in the head.

Indiana Jones did that shit that's badass? That's what they're afraid of. That's why they use your page. No, because you're so fucking insignificant, I don't even gotta waste my time on you. Okay, that's a cool way.

He's, like you're fucking, you mean nothing to me, bye bitch. Like, I don't, even fucking. That's a delete, but literally like it is. This is, you are.

It is literally a show of the most power is. I can hit you from here. It was Rick and Morty over there. Like, bro, if we had a grenades like, and that's what fucking, what's it Carter or fucking? What's his face walked into when he got the bomb? He got the the pissing.

He got the, you know, I'm feeling big in the bed, and he was like I could be over here, and I could bomb Japan over there. And after, like, I'm a God. And that's literally what he did. You also from the movies. Do you think they were expecting that shockwave?

We're not expecting this to happen. They've seen so surprised that they got the lasted by sound. No, they end up doing the way they do. It is almost exactly like they do it in, uh, bringing virtual College. They have, like real explosions like safely done demolition's experts like Hollywood employees.

A lot of people, that's what people don't understand and the reason why it'll never die. The reason why it is such a institution and the reason why everybody says that you made it all up because they fucking, you know, employ so many different people like they employ stunt people they have.

They have started entire industry, just like Tech. They've started entire Industries, which means that, like Microsoft, Microsoft cannot die, because if Microsoft dies, then you know, the mom and pop shops die. Any of the amount of pop shots died, then everything goes. So, what must happen is no matter what they're gonna stay alive.

It's just the kind that, like, that's why I'm in bed with them is because I have no other option. Well, it might as well get in bed with the best. Like, yeah, you have to sell your soul to make it in this world, it sucks. Okay, then don't sell, then you're.

You still have to sell, like, attend it. That's even better if we don't. We all do every single one of us do we all have fucking second piece to us? So superposition right now. We're in one state. At the end or at their point some point something? Observes us not like you and I are observing us as a different form of observation.

And when that is observed, it's collapses back to its original state. It's original state is all in the same spot. I don't know where that spot is, but when that always so, I look at it as like it's, it is. It's the henrose diagram, and it's literally fucking. You know the, you know, CCP?

Big bounce. So, like the end of the unit? Everything the world has to talk, and that's so that would be the observation of it. My other theory of it, that's a good one. The other one is that, you know, pretty much when we may reach maximum entropy. That's literally when the fucking programmer walks up and goes, oh, shit.

I got a fucking, and when he does something, that's when it's like, oh, shit, we're fucking observed. So we gotta go back to our state and then Big Bang again. Hands big bang event. Oh, we're all back where we are. Oh, shit, why are we all tell you end in this spot again?

We don't actually end up retracting. Like, we think we're just so tiny. Still, even after expanding that, we just.

We would stick bigger and bigger each time. But we wouldn't realize that we're getting bigger and bigger each time because space would expand as the because we're in an infinite space. Without support the Multiverse. It also, so you this I had my I've I've mapped it out as awesome as possible earlier, and I also have I have a picture, but I have a fucking.

Dig it up. It's literally. So think of this is what our universe is in a nutshell, and it's fun to think of it. This way, an old man. Father time right is sitting in his Easy chair. He's sitting in his easy chair. He's got, you know, his fucking Hood on, and he's napping, right?

And while he's napping. That's where time is going forward from him in his dreams and it, and it's just every Galaxy that's the universe, the bubbles. And each bubble is this galaxy and everything, and it just keeps going. So that means literally, you can go forward in time. Definitely!

But if you go back in time, you literally will wake up. Grandpa, so don't fucking. Go back up to the time because shit's gonna if Grandpa wakes up it, literally. I'm not, I did. I didn't even do that on purpose. I did it after as I, as I was saying it, I was, like, holy fuck.

It's the grandfather Paradox, and then I said, this is exactly what I need about fucking how shit like this happens, and how are we not in a fucking simulation if this keeps happening? Like, I know, I noticed it more than usual, but you just noticed it, too. Which is, like, I'm not the only one.

He's like, it happened right away, but it's like, but we called him father time for as long as I can look. I can't find it anywhere, like, it's Egyptians dude. Fucking the the cosmos is Earth, like Mother Earth for game the universe, the mother. Yes, it's two separate, it's you know, the big?

Person had the whole last hair I'm going up. So, a little. So, do you know this, you know, what's even crazy you're out of here? Another one, that's my favorite. So. This one, all fucking find.

So? This app. This app. Gives me the ability to look at any, like. Culture that I want. From the world Star Maps throughout the you know their life? And I went to. You know the Aboriginal ones because I wanted to see, like yo? What we got the Aboriginal doing?

I for. So? They have the camular Roy and the elorra high. Those are hard to pronounce. They're really hard to pronounce their old old some of the oldest. Yeah, some of the oldest from all Aboriginal. The Aboriginal Australians. Are the closest thing that we have to the original human DNA in existence today.

All right, they made it. Australia 65, 000 years ago. Okay? There, they say, because they walked there. The only way they could have walked there was before the younger, dryest, and way before the younger driest is about seven. They've been there for 70 000 years. Okay, is that one that's about it?

That's how far I could trace Humanity back to being humans. 80, 000 years. If they've took a few thousand years to get there. Shift. A lot. Listen. So, there's star Master the most. You know, ancient ones that we got? All right where the fuck is. This goddamn shit that I fucking.

I literally was writing it, right? I'm writing a fucking story. About. Don't worry the fuck. Your dead ass. Can you remove those? Like, are you able to? Yeah, they feel I have a bunch of them. You should put so much okay. So right, now, that's where fucking. That's Orion's belt.

All right, and that's me, I me, I, which is pleading Palladius, right? Yeah, you're gonna hear the story of Palladius. What's the story place? Pleadius is, uh, something else, but it's six women.

Did I? I instinctively thought a planet of the Apes have said planning into place, all right. So the the me, I mean, I was seven young women sisters who were chased into the sky depending on the story by the Beret, Beret, or other various bad persons. They formed the Palliateusi cluster, and as one sister shy, normally she, we only see six sisters, and one of them is the eye all right.

Do you know the day and and the home star is far? They are protected by the from the Beret Beret in Orion by. You know, the old deathar, who is Elder Baran all right, this is their story. My which say that name again, the last one Alder Barron. That's where he got Alder on from right.

I was gonna say Alder Brown is my start. Like when I say my favorite star to exist if I could go to one today. It'd be that. Like, it's the Eye of Taurus. It's fucking, like magnificent, all right. My in my story, that's where it's located. That's where everything starts.

There's around that start because it's one of the older ones that we have in the sky, too. Ironically enough, it'll be Beetlejuice, uh, which is very near to it. That's in Orion. Yes, yes, that. Juice, same one. It's going to go Supernova. Um, yes, which is part of the reason why they have the fucking shit, but so?

Then the Beret Beret. Which are, which is? This, um, you know, the bravery are the they were a group of uninitiated boys who are in love with the seven young women. All right, and they chased them into the pleaders start District, and they're protected Now by Grandpa pretty much Orion.

Orion, am I fucking story? Is the programmer okay? He is the Creator of our stimulate simulation, and he put all of the stars and everything in here to cause us to do peridotlia and all the shit that I'm doing. How the fuck has multiple, not just me. This. This is ancient dude, like, as always, a fucking humans get, and they have the same exact story, and you want to know what the fucking even crazier?

Why not? My main character now is missed. It was missing her eye, all right, because that Dragon came with and I invented up like anthropomorphis and the shit out of that and making it into a fair game. That's how I ended up getting like I didn't characters because of that stupid little thing.

The little dragon the eye came out, so she's missing an eye. Relation changes over the years, like when a star dies the change. They do everything's different, exactly. They do everything gets moving darker. The first people that seen it probably seen way different. Everything gets out. That's why my home, the one that I made like they see different constellations, but they still see constellations.

Yes, it's just way different. Yeah, because, like they're in a completely different energy field too. They're also, they don't get have really a sun. They get radiation from the Sun from the black hole, you know, because they're orbiting a black hole. Yo interstellar pulled it off. There's something called a deadlock fucking, um, orbit around a star, and you can.

Theoretically make it possible. And you know, our universe, we're not in the dead block for what we're in. A we're in a planet slowly going towards the song. We're all slowly going to, because, like I said, father's times fucking plane stands out infinitely. This, you know, he's the only point the only way out of this fucking thing would be to jump over him, but?

With deadlock. To say we're going towards, like, say we pass the deadlock and not go think of it. The best way to think of how you know it works when you, what that. What we're doing is, as we're going, the sun is leaving, like. Rivets. In this in the plane.

In the field. All right. We all following those. In a way. So, like, as we're corkscrewing through, it's leaving its space, drawing us towards it. And we're like, just be, like, if every freaking ball literally could dig out? Of the fucking, you know? Thing, so, like, like, I said, it's like a spongy inside of a fucking.

It's literally a nutshell, this were they go really hard outside. It's impossible with pen trick, but the inside is really spongy, and all of the balls all the matter inside of it, that's, you know, slowly getting to its state. It's just. Draining it all. Like, it's weird the way that it works.

We, but you can't see it because it's dark energy, and it's dark matter. And it's also contextual energy, which is shit, will never be able to see without some folk, really sophisticated technologies. And you know, open-mindedness? If it's even positive. Which answered everything's files. Everything's possible when you are?

Pat. When you're given more information, you can't go back in time. Like, I said. That's why, he said, you know you, you literally to go back in time. You'd wake up Grandpa and it's got to be a problem. And it's perfect! Because Grandpa is literally like the one who would have, like, like father time, would be the he would be the one who falls asleep like this, and as he's sleeping a whole universe.

And that's the thing. So, when that's what he's sleeping, he's sleeping on the bed. And then it gets too cold. And that's when he wakes up. And that's when the universe restarts. It's fucking, like, such a good analogy that it's like. I, I wanted it to be true more than I don't want to find out it is for it.

But, like, it's so good, like, it's really that good. Like, it's just adorable, but it's like. Also. Simulation Theory in a nutshell, but also it's kid friendly, too. So it's like, what is the universe like? This is what the universe is, like, like, and in a nutshell, that could be it, and we have no clue like.

What is this technology to go back? What is a sufficiently a powerful machine? You know if you're like Arthur, Steve, Clark, yeah, and I'll quote him correctly. Said that freaking any sufficient or any technology, no different from magic like it is really not. You can't tell the difference between somebody with Fergie, you know, some really powerful technology?

That's a flying saucer. You just don't understand the mechanism of it. You don't understand how it works. It's not magic. There's something physics is making it. Do it do like it looks like it's breaking the laws of physics, but it's not. It can't be. It is like. It can bend them and warp them.

But. Cosmological constants are. Like the unbreakable ones. Even quantum physics. To put the other one. Even quantum because he didn't go to sleep. Yeah, it's night at all. You didn't go to sleep till like three in the morning. Oh yeah, I was up with you.

But hasn't a lot of. So, like the boson, Higgs particle is the particle that. I think electrons used to speak to each other, but God particles they literally predicted it in fucking. The same things. Winston, so the Simpsons one episode he literally walks up to the board and just does this thing.

And when he does this thing on the board, it just so happens to be that God particle. That they literally found as the boson, Higgs, and a boson is a, you know, it carries between matters usually. We didn't detect it. Until after. We had theorized it, just like, you know, we had theorized fucking, uh, gravitational waves.

In 1916, when fucking Einstein roaches paper freaking, it wasn't until the you know 1950s or something when Hawking had done had actually predicted it and said Hawking radiation had existed. It wasn't until about 2014 or 20, 2012. When they end up fucking, finding the goddamn shit or 2015 when they end up finding it.

2033, so I'm literally writing the paper now that hopefully if it fucking, you know, goes well, well, actually be the one that is there? There's the same exact thing like you'll be the one for 20 30 then. I've gotten the conjecture. I've written the equations. I literally made the algorithms.

I've literally fucking have every single thing. In order to do shit. No, I don't. I do know math, I know how I know logic, and I know fucking. Um, and I know number Theory. I know, I know, information Theory really well, and I know logic really well. And then you probably already know that.

That's mad. That would be 20 right. Then, yeah, okay, then I don't a little more with my dog. So, like most people think of algebra, like the worst people think of as like, trigonometry, like, you know, or like, but the worst one of all is calculus. Like, it's the hardest one to learn, and it was invented by a kid why it's age pretty much.

This sounds like a job for my account, Isaac Newton. Isaac Newton is the one who invented calculus as a kid. He was young. He was pretty young. He started doing that or science projects when he was stuck at home during the flu pandemic. And like this guy was talking.

Yeah, no, like he had no games. So he what he did was he had so accurately figured out how to measure. And, you know, think about the world that it ended up becoming the prevailing. You know, way of thought all the way up until with gravity all the way up until it was, you know, just physics all the way until Quantum physics when fucking.

What's his face came when freaking Einstein wrote his paper in 1916. Quantum physics with the next thing, and we've been in quantum physics ever since, trying to prove improve more and more. And the biggest thing in quantum physics and quantum mechanics is bridging the two. There has been the biggest thing in science that they've been searching for since that day.

He wrote his paper. Is, how do you bridge quantum mechanics and Quantum physics they do you? Quantum physics is what explains the world, right? But it doesn't actually show what it does. Now, quantum mechanics is actually what happens? So the quantum mechanics is, you know, the mechanics of like machines and all that, like everything, the mechanics of the system.

To quantum mechanic or mechanics is where we get entropy from. That is where we get the second law of thermodynamics. It's a law of mechanical entropy is, like, what I said, like when we figure out everything we got maximum. That would be maximum trophy for that system, but this is a either way.

MX amount Andropy will be released. Whether it's the way you said, or if it's, you know the way, whereas the heat that the universe, whether it's a big bounce where you know, we get all the way to the end and then just fucking blow back up again. Either way, we will die and restart some things protocol, literally.

I, what is that not called, but a phoenix? Like we call it a phoenix, you will rise from the ashes of the fucking old one. Whether we're observing being observed or not. Whether the and that's the other thing is, why do you think black holes lead to other parts of the universe or other parts of the space?

So, like theoretic? So? I couldn't unless I laughed and saw outside the bubble, but the universe is pretty much a donut. It's the best way to explain it, so thinking about we're in. A donut. That's the thing. What's in another fucking middle, the black hole, because it ate everything?

No, Father Time's head. Where the thought bubble looking he's sleeping. It's the only it's the best way to explain it. Like, I said. Your father time is literally on his fucking easy chair snoozing away. What are the thought bubble in it literally in a fucking like? We go on to his head and above, that's the thing is you can't.

We can't break out of his head. We're in his head. What I'm saying is the black holes that are just, you know, matter, that's going out. And it's like taking, if you could take this and stretch it infinitely, it would stretch and spin. But after a while, it's going to be stretched so far, but the thing is, is that the most gravity is right here?

Where the donut is? So, it doesn't really matter how far along this gets out. Eventually, the real reason it's gonna go right back in. It's literally going to go right back exactly. There's another fucking interesting tidbit that you know. Why do we say this stupid thing? Well, this is why, and no one will ever agree with you because you have no other.

We have some evidence of can't, you can't cantian theology one. You can't know anything or can't even philosophy. You can't know everything like it is impossible for us to know everything about our. Kids existence waking up getting out of the city of the head is going to be near impossible.

And if we did, we'd be so menstrual, he wouldn't even see us. That makes me wonder, though we did go back in time. How would we work?

If you notices that his new show that's continuing on missing a character old son that will just back in the form if that would make him omnipotent, and then that would be like I was. If that's the fucking cake motherfucker, what's up like, I'm really mad right now? But if you want to know you are a nickname, but you think about it, we're inside this motherfucker.

I think I just figured out how to how to do it where his show. Where his dream?

We're his dream. Because. If he's past the fuck out? He created us in seven days. So exciting. That's the prevailing Theory. That's prevailing. Everything is all about. That's why we want that brains. That's why we look like brains. That's why we have brains. It's why everything works the way there.

That's why it seems like we're in a body. I'm actually skeleton. Yes, but you have a brain that looks exactly like a universe. Does that just took over my skeleton body? That's why we're all connected because we're all think we're like. It'd be funny if you're actually if I'm right.

Is with some old man.

It's Herbert.

All the religion.

Every single one. Well, literally. So, like? Is, we're in his hack. It's got to be a big fucking hat homie. Yeah. So like and constantly growing. You? Now, you just knew then. No, I paying attention. What's going on just dreaming? The Big Bang is his head explosion too much.

He took it. He hits the bong. That's what I had the picture of. I think I think he hit the bong. Because I made it right after Grandma pass. And it was like, I was, like, oh, that actually, really cool.

It's pretty cool.